**NEWOO No. 619**

> Scanned by [Mr_馄饨先森](http://weibo.com/ericluoo). View from [this weibo](http://weibo.com/1914156097/B3FLJAHXw).

# TFBOYS' all-round talent YI Yang-qian-xi is here!

In case you missed the last issue:

TF Family: First trainee project in China set up by Beijing Time Fengjun.

TFBOYS: A teen idol group of trainees WANG Jun-kai and WANG Yuan from Chongqing, and child star YI Yang-qian-xi from Beijing, who age thirteen or fourteen.
It's now one of the most popular and hot post-2000s idol groups.

**Exclusive Interview**

> Edited by CHEN Wan-wan(陈婉婉)  
> Designed by Hu-lu(葫芦)  
> Written by Wan-wan(婉婉)

Last week, the interview of WANG Jun-kai and WANG Yuan in "Fans" section received praise from Clovers(the fans of TFBOYS) all over the country. TFBOYS proved their strength with the powerful calling, not only at the interaction on Weibo, but also at the purchasing power of our newspapers. Thus, in the fans' strong appealing, the interview of YI Yang-qian-xi is now here.

# Boosted Talents, Doughty Life

As the dancer of TFBOYS, Beijing boy YI Yang-qian-xi is not just good at dancing, he is exactly the so-called "the child next door" --

He won the weekly champion of "Caiyi Xunlian Ying"(才艺训练营, literally: "Talent Training Camp") of Beijing TV, in his first public show at 5;
appeared in several children's shows of CCTV, with famous emcees like Hong Guoguo(红果果, literally: "Red Fruit"), Lü Paopao(绿泡泡, literally: "Green Bubble"), Yueliang Jiejie(月亮姐姐, literally: "Sister Luna"), and Ju Ping Jiejie(鞠萍姐姐, literally: "Sister Ju Ping");
attended many national children's dance contests from 6, won at least eight first prizes;
won many prizes in national children's calligraphy contests from 7(See Image 1);
participated in dramas from 9, acted "Zhang Ji'an" in "Tie Lihua"(铁梨花)(See Image 2), performed in a microfilm in which Von Wafer guested, and the boy in that familiar ad of Orion(好丽友) is him(See Image 3)!
Except singing, dancing, performing, and calligraphy, it is astonishing that he is absolutely a "xue ba"(学霸, one who's score ranks top in class or school), with the awards like "Top Ten Young Pioneers", "Straight A Student"!
He is also good at magic show, cucurbit flute, "Bian Lian", and drum
-- this is a life been boosted by an unseen hand!

With these experiences, he skipped being a trainee, debuted directly with WANG Jun-kai and WANG Yuan, became an idol that attracts sisters and aunties, bros and uncles.
As he lives in Beijing, gets together with the other two fellows only in activities, the agency offers special training to him.
Here's his words with us about TFBOYS --

*[Q - NEWOO, J - YI Yang-qian-xi(Jackson)]*

**Q:**
How did you joined the group as not being a trainee of TF Family?  
**J:**
I attended the audition of "Up! Juniors" in 2012, Karry(WANG Jun-kai) attended too.
The agency thought I dance well, and I came.

**Q:**
How did you become closer to them after joining TF Family?  
**J:**
They taught me Chongqing dialect, and we played games together, we liked "Thumbs Fight" very much, and became closer and closer.

**Q:**
Have you been blocked up by fans at the school, like WANG Jun-kai and WANG Yuan?  
**J:**
I have, but they were kind. They gave me gifts, encouraged me, and said they won't block my way.

**Q:**
How did you feel after won the prize at the second Yinyue V-Chart Award Ceremony?  
**J:**
We saw many senior entertainers, were aware of the lack of our strengths.
I was too nervous on the stage -- I intended to say "thank all the sisters and aunts", but spoke out "uncles and aunts".
But I'm happy to be praised as cute by JJ Lin(林俊杰).

**Q:**
Was there something interesting at the backstage?  
**J:**
Our waiting room was near to JJ's, we heard he went to the wash room, then WANG Yuan urged to make an encounter, but we didn't dare to on the way there.

**Q:**
Your early selfie video "Tell Me Why" was popular among the fans, why did you record it?  
**J:**
My parents were out, I was bored so I recorded the video.
I'm very regretful now, and don't dare to watch it again. It's horrible.

**Feedback of the Last Report**

### Fans Snapped up
### Newspapers Sold Out

If you can't feel their popularity through the video of the long time scream of the Clovers when TFBOYS won "The Most Popular Singer in Mainland China" award in the second Yinyue V-Chart Award Ceremony, the calling of the Clovers outside Chongqing for buying the newspapers would be impressing.
[MEWOO is a local newspaper published in Chongqing.]

At press time, the Weibo post for collecting questions sent by our journalist CHEN Wan-wan([月半北北](http://weibo.com/jiongbei)) had been reposted 5165 times, the publication of the digital edition at our official Weibo account caused loads of reposts.
But that's not enough. Before the publication, the fans booked 900 copies through the agent directly.
After the publication on Tuesday, local fans started selling the newspaper via Taobao, all 720 copies were sold out in half an hour at 13 yuan.
Clovers are powerful!

---

**Supplement**

> Published by [月半北北](http://weibo.com/jiongbei) at [this weibo](http://weibo.com/1265310162/B1RWAkLkU).

Background:
At eight thirty P.M., 25th Apr., Qian-xi finished his homework, and the interview through mobile started.
The signal was not good, the interview interrupted six times, and lasted half an hour.
Qian-xi was in good mood, talked politely and tenderly, and it was easy to feel his smile when talking about his younger brother.

**Foreword: These are the frequently asked questions in our collections, Qian-xi answered the questions, as a feedback for the fans participated in.
We promised, we will fulfil it. We understand your anxious about seeing your idol's information, and we request for a mutual understanding and rational communication.
Thank you.**

*[Q - NEWOO, J - YI Yang-qian-xi(Jackson)]*

**Q:**
What are you doing recently?  
**J:**
Taking lessons, the exams are near.

**Q:**
What was your feeling when hearing the cheering of fans on the stage of Yinyuetai's Award Ceremony?  
**J:**
They are enthusiastic, I'm thankful for their support.

**Q:**
How did you celebrate after that?  
**J:**
I took them to taste Beijing cuisines, such as Lüdagunr(驴打滚, glutinous rice rolls with sweet bean flour).

**Q:**
How did you contact each other when you are separated?  
**J:**
We usually talk through Wechat or on the mobile.
WANG Yuan used to take photos of unsolved questions to ask me.

**Q:**
Could you tell me what are WANG Jun-kai's and WANG Yuan's Friend Circles (of Wechat) like?
Is that different from their Weibo posts?  
**J:**
They repost funny pictures and jokes, or take selfies.
Compared to their posts, it's funnier.

**Q:**
The fans call you "thumb-up" addicted, how do you think?
Why did you do that at midnight sometimes?  
**J:**
Haha, I like it.
If I did it very late at night, that's when I just finished my homework.
I would take a look at my Weibo account for relax, and make a "thumb-up" when I see something funny.
I use comments more often in my Friend Circle.

**Q:**
How did they entertain you when you went to Chongqing? Where did you go there?  
**J:**
They specially find time to take me to places like Foreigners' Street and Ciqikou(磁器口).

**Q:**
Do you know what fans call you?  
**J:**
Yes, they call me "Qian Zong", but I don't know why.
(Tell him about that.)

**Q:**
Tell us something embarrassing of WANG Jun-kai and WANG Yuan.  
**J:**
Once we went to attend an activity in Chengdu and lived in hotel, we watched a horror film at night.
We scared Karry after he went to the wash room, his face was very funny.
(If I remembered correctly, you two had once scared WANG Jun-kai after he finished bathing.)

**Q:**
What's your feeling when you saw WANG Yuan and WANG Jun-kai for the first time?  
**J:**
Karry looked cold, reserved in words;
WANG Yuan was taking photos with heavy make-ups which seemed quite funny.
After we got familiar, Karry became talkative, and WANG Yuan is somewhat silly in private, like me.

**Q:**
Do you read the fans' comments on the web? Where do you read them?  
**J:**
I read the comments on Weibo and Baidu Tieba, and had replied someone before.

**Q:**
Have you ever thought of giving up during the learning of so many talents?
Which new one do you want to learn?  
**J:**
I haven't thought of that.
I insisted because of the unawareness of the skills before.
And I want to learn playing basketball, because I'm not good at it.

**Q:**
The fans are curious to know that can your brother call you "gege"?  
**J:**
He can speak "baba"(dad), "mama"(mum), "yeye"(grandpa), and "nainai"(grandma), but not "gege". (Said in dismay.)

**Q:**
Tell us something funny between you and your brother.  
**J:**
Once I was to go bathing, just took off my shirt.
He saw me, and pointed to the door, signed don't go out.
He meant our parents are outside, I should take on the clothes.

**Q:**
Have you received special gifts from fans?  
**J:**
Yes, that's a telescope that can observe constellations.

**Q:**
The fans wonder whether you are "xue ba" or "xue shen"(学神, a state exceeds "xue ba").  
**J:**
I can't catch up with "xue shen".
(So you admited the other calling!)

**Q:**
Do you have unknown accounts on Weibo?  
**J:**
No.
(Qian-xi explained he started using Weibo after joining TFBOYS, haven't used it before.)
