# Fans Scheming

> Source: [Vista看天下](http://weibo.com/1323527941/C8wpPAsUL) or [看天下_微信](http://chuansong.me/n/1210146)

Last year, TFBOYS jumped out. After advancing in many galas and on Weibo Hot Topics, the public was acquainted with such a "super-hot new-born idol group".

It seems similar that fans are all acting excited and hysterical, but in fact, factions appear in fans of every idol group
-- there are several members in the group, different partialities led fans to different standpoints, or even conflicting ones.
Such as JING Bo-ran(井柏然) and FU Xin-bo(付辛博) from "Jiayou! Hao Nan'er"(加油！好男儿, literally: "Fighting! Youths") many years ago who grouped as "BOBO", their discordance resulted in the division of fans -- fans who like JING, who like FU, and who like both.
At fan meetings, "JING's fans sat on the left, FU's on the right, the group's in the middle", the scene widened journalists' view very much.

To TFBOYS, there are three members, some fans like only one of them, some fans two, some fans all the three, even some fans hate some of them.
The chaos is beyond imagination.

## Internal Strife on YI Yang-qian-xi

It should be announced that, unlike "BOBO", the members of TFBOYS gets along very well with each other in solidarity and friendship, the division of fans is only related to the favour of the fans.
It can be seen from the words of the fans in strife that they are mostly low in age and inexperienced, the "sick" may be somewhat understandable.

There's a fandom jargon -- "someone-only fan", a fan who "takes someone as the only one he/she cared about", is only a fan of the one.
Such as "Karry-only fan"[Karry, WANG Jun-kai] is a fan who only likes WANG Jun-kai.
"Group fans" are the fans of the whole TFBOYS, nicknamed "Clovers".
The "someone-only fans" of each member has its own nickname: "Xiao Pangxie"(小螃蟹, literally: "Little Crabs") for "Karry-only fans", "Xiao Tangyuan"(小汤圆, literally: "Little Tangyuan") for "Roy-only fans"[Roy, WANG Yuan], and "Qian Zhi He"(千纸鹤, literally: "Origami Cranes") for "Jackson-only fans"[Jackson, YI Yang-qian-xi].

The extremists in "someone-only fans" are called "vicious (only) fans", they slander the other members of the group due to his/her favour of a member.
They are those who made most of the troubles.

In TFBOYS, WANG Jun-kai and WANG Yuan are in Chongqing, get along with each other for a long time, can be called "fa xiao"(发小, Beijing dialect, literally means "childhood friends"), they were popular on the web via cover videos earlier.
While YI Yang-qian-xi is in Beijing, he joined later to form TFBOYS.

There's another fandom jargon -- "shipping fan".
Shipping [or the commonly seen "CP" in East Asia] means "couple" or "character pairing", fans make their idols [of the same gender] a couple to satisfy their illusion of affection.
The earliest and most popular shipping in TFBOYS is of WANG Jun-kai and WANG Yuan.
Their photos are photoshoped and literally stated, to be romanced as touching affections.
Some even deduct it into "Boy's Love" and pornography.

Anyhow, some degree of "shipping" is a fast way to gain fans, like in "Sherlock" seasons and "Swords of Legends"(古剑奇谭).
Many early fans of TFBOYS were attracted by "Karry and Roy", is easier to be feeling-less about YI Yang-qian-xi.
Extremely, some even wish that WANG Jun-kai and WANG Yuan be in a group and cast YI away.
There are many other permutated "shippings" of TFBOYS, they are less activated, we won't repeat them here.

The earliest separation among fans was the alienation of YI Yang-qian-xi.
Some "Karry-Roy fans" are rejective about YI, some even state him as "ugly", "unnecessary", or "burdensome".
Some even said, "The looks are the basic for idols, are you shamed in the group?"
Some even smear or curse YI with bogus photos.

In such situation, "Jackson-only fans" were agitated.
They use garbled photos to claim that WANG Jun-kai and WANG Yuan is pushing YI out together, in the photos, "Karry and Roy" stick together, while Jackson's standing apart.
There's a photo of "Happy Camp"(快乐大本营) that "Karry and Roy" are pointing at YI.
However, in the TV programme, the emcees were asking about their school study, WANG Jun-kai and WANG Yuan pointed to YI and said "he's the top of the grade".
Even so, the rumour ran further than the truth.

Some fans of YI are proactive, they describe YI as "helpless" or "with shining stars in the eyes", to shape his solitary and adamant image.
There were "Karry-Roy fans" who became "Jackson-only".
Under the fans' endeavours, he becomes "Qian Zong", is a childe in the capital, a "xue ba"(学霸, one who's score ranks top in class or school) at school; is good at Chinese calligraphy, while dances well at the same time...
These words of fulsome praise are partly exaggerated, "Feng Xing Gongzuo Shi"(风行工作室) had photographed YI candidly, his family still live in a rental house.
But the boy's hard-working deserves praise indeed.

After some "Jackson-only fans" upgrade to "vicious fans", they defame the other two members.
WANG Jun-kai is affronted as "poor and countrified, an unfashionable guy from a small city", while WANG Yuan "disfiguring, bad in school study, scheming, and inexperienced".

## "Shipping fans" also Split

Fans of WANG Jun-kai and fans of WANG Yuan may not get along well.
Although the shipping of "Karry-Roy" is popular, "someone-only fans" want "their boy" to be in the front.
These fans also split.

WANG Jun-kai is commonly seen as more popular, some of his fans take the shipping of "Karry-Roy" as making WANG Jun-kai a cat's-paw.
Some "Karry-only fans" even commented under WANG Yuan's Weibo posts to warn him that he's not so important in Karry's heart.

Some "mum fans" have persecutory delusion.
In WANG Jun-kai's Baidu Tieba, a fan warned "Little Crabs" earnestly that WANG Jun-kai is the weakest in the group,
"'Karry-only fans' are always in the bottom", speaking as if was petitioning.
This crisis-aware fan said, WANG Jun-kai gained the most fans, but is "less concerned", fans came but then turned to other members.
There's even conspiracy with bitter hatred,
"the agency resort to extreme measures to make them balanced,"
alluding that the other members are grabbing fame and resources from their idol.
Hence, these "Karry-only fans" think they are responsible to pull their idol up:
"We are able to give Karry the best, I hope 'Karry-only fans' put Karry's data first, then the group.
This is our meaning of existence, isn't it?"
The so-called "data" are number of Weibo topics, Baidu Search Index, sales of official commodities, etc.
Fans leave footprints on idol-related topics like doing tasks, buy as many commodities about the idol as they can.

On the other side, fans of WANG Yuan also take it seriously.
A loyal "Roy-only fan" on Weibo thought he/she was threatened by fans of WANG Jun-kai, and said:
"I can't be calm and objective, I'm agitated to do anything.
If you harm wy(WANG Yuan) more, we'd better just perish together.
I'll send what I got to 'Yule Quan Jiemi'(娱乐圈揭秘)(a Weibo account disclosing something in show biz), including that photo of your idol, and some privacy..."
When the other fans didn't think there are any scandals, this fan said excitedly,
"what your idol had done, you know clearly."
WANG Jun-kai, a student born in 1999, became a person with scandal photos in "vicious fan"'s mouth.
After the farce, nothing was exposed, but it intensified the relationship between some "Roy-only fans" and "Karry-only fans".

Maybe you've already mentioned, these fans like to use pinyin abbreviations as argots.
Because there's an unwritten rule in the circles that "do not mention others".
If it was abided, there won't be so many conflicts between different factions.
But in practice, the fans use pinyin abbreviations to substitute the other idols and the keywords of the conflicts, the confrontation doesn't remit a little.
Therefore, if you see strange letters in the fans' words, guess from the pinyin abbreviations, they won't use English ones.

## "Hidden Traitor" Is a Common Means

Every faction is prepared to fight.
"Someone-only fans" should defend others from maligning their idol,
"shipping fans" fight with different shippings to death,
"group fans" are in charge of getting rid of complicated critics and rumours about TFBOYS.

During the fights, there are hidden traitors, some fans of an idol disguise as of another idol to make troubles.
For example, some "Karry-only fans" doubt that there are enemies inside who take new fans of WANG Jun-kai away,
that there are "Roy-only fans" and "Jackson-only fans" hiding in Baidu Tieba and fan sites of WANG Jun-kai's,
"to brainwash newcomers", to fabricate rumours.

Take a typical example of such traitors:
During the World Cup last year, WANG Yuan made a post on supporting Germany.
Before the match between German and Portuguese teams, a fan of Portuguese team posted with words supporting the Portuguese team, was attacked by some fans of TFBOYS.
The fans said he/she "hurts Angel Roy's heart", but some fans of WANG Yuan thought these comments were posted by fans of WANG Jun-kai who pretended to be "Karry-Roy fans", in order to damage WANG Yuan's image with their overdosed performance.

All in all, "vicious fans" are the most mentally unhealthy,
they keep offending others, stirring up protection desire for the idol of other factions, and then there came attacks and defence, escalating endlessly.
The "only fans" of each member monitor Internet voices in organised ways, report rumours and slanders about their idol in time, comment and favourite other good comments under the idol's Weibo posts to make bad ones unseen.
They are always anxious and worried.

The fights and scheming between fans are actually out of the mainstream view, have no relationship with the achievements and fame of the entertainers, or may even drag them behind.
Cubs, study if you are idling, don't be evil. What's more, your idols are solid and friendly.
